all right so have you decided on
guacamole it's really fun I am here at
momocho and Ohio City checking out chef
Eric Williams who's gonna give us a
private tour before hours let's go check
it out hey hey long gone how are you
good good good to see you too thanks for
coming down thanks for having me I'm
just like I love this place can I just
say I mean it's it's not your typical
restaurant it's warm it's dim its kind
of dark kind of funky
why have a restaurant like this well
this is my interpretation of the Mexican
culture from the food to the drink to
the service but especially the decor so
we tried to encompass everything and
deliver it to Cleveland if you want to
take a second let's get a tour started
like this I like this wall I mean I feel
like it's like a crash course of Latin
culture what is this wall all about
there's a little bit of everything in
the Mexican subculture that we've
decided to throw on this wall before
momocho opened in 2006 it was a local
bar restaurant called the Fulton Bar and
Grill a local artist named Paul Shuster
had put this mural on the wall we
decided to not paint over it but yet add
to it customers would bring crosses the
Luchadors the sugar skulls and Day of
the Dead and it just kind of took its
own life so Eric I totally get this wall
I love it it's awesome and then I turned
to my left and I'm like what in the heck
Eric why is there a bike there what is
that that they used to actually be on
the menu as a side dish as a joke as a
kid I rode my bike everywhere lowrider
culture is a subculture of
community I can't really fit a 55
Cadillac in here so I thought why not
bring something different to the
restaurant well there's much more to see
okay especially upstairs oh I forgot
there was enough yeah what's upstairs we
roll in our liver this is our upstairs
dining room and open kitchen on the
second floor we wanted to tie in both
the floors not only in color schemes but
with the decor we decided to tie in that
mural from the first floor on this back
wall oh wow
so this is kind of similar to what we
saw downstairs with the collage things
lose like collage part - this is a
little bit of a smaller scale but we
still wanted to bring that fun quirky
kind of cool Mexican energy upstairs
after we finished we doused the wall
with iced tea and coffee to give it an
aged patina look and finished it off
that match the same color schemes for
downstairs iced tea and coffee
it gives it a natural hue or stain color
which would make it look like it's been
here for a long long time and since
we're upstairs I mean you want to go
hang out at the chef's table up here at
the kitchen okay
so Eric let me ask you why do a Mexican
restaurant I think every cook in his
career finds something that he's
passionate about and for a long time my
passion has been Latin food especially
Mexican cuisine
most people hire you know an interior
designer and architect but not you you
build this yourself
it was my interpretation my view of how
I wanted the place to look and feel and
taste I kind of wanted to put my touch
on the place sorry I gotta ask
cuz I don't know what does my mojo mean
well momocho is Latino slang for Hellion
little boy momocho is a little bit of a
rebellious different unique restaurant
and the name fit we want to give you the
next 30 seconds to pick your favorite
dish on the menu can you do that that's
tough I know I know
known for waka moly flavors yeah
different flights but I would say
probably the one dish that encompasses
my mojo is the pork chop all Carbone
delicious can I try it baby I'll whip
your corner all right
we're gonna let our pork shop rest and
what is this Eric it is a hand cut thick
brined pork chop adubato style then once
it's finished on the grill we serve it
with smoked gouda tamale dumplings
house-made Oaxacan red chili chocolate
mole a sauce oh it smells delicious it's
got a nice sweet and tangy smell off you
want to get a little bit of everything
is that okay with you all right
mmm oh my gosh that is delicious
the off the spice just hit the back of
my tongue absolutely breathtaking the
spices hit me right it's just it's well
put together and well done this is the
favorite dish it's not only my favorite
dish but it's probably one of the most
popular dishes I can see why it is
delicious thank you so much for having
me Eric I appreciate it and you know
what I think I might just finish this
meal if that's okay with you all right
all right thank you
happy did you like what you just saw
well I head on over to our website where
you can see them more about momocho and
if you know of any restaurants that are
Corky and interesting and you want us to
check them out leave a comment below and
we might just do that oh and don't
forget to subscribe